planning scene monitor tutorial (#460)
ros-planning/moveit_tutorials: doc/planning_scene_monitor/planning_scene_monitor_tutorial.rst

Planning Scene Monitor
==================================

> The :planning_scene_monitor:`PlanningSceneMonitor` is the recommended interface for maintianing an up to date planning scene. The relationship between :moveit_core:`RobotState`, :planning_scene_monitor:`CurrentStateMonitor`, :planning_scene:`PlanningScene`, :planning_scene_monitor:`PlanningSceneMonitor`, and :planning_interface:`PlanningSceneInterface` can be really confusing at first. This tutorial aims to make clear these key concepts.

Reviewer: typo: "maintianing" -> "maintaining"

> The :planning_scene_monitor:`PlanningSceneMonitor` is the recommended interface for maintianing an up to date planning scene. The relationship between :moveit_core:`RobotState`, :planning_scene_monitor:`CurrentStateMonitor`, :planning_scene:`PlanningScene`, :planning_scene_monitor:`PlanningSceneMonitor`, and :planning_interface:`PlanningSceneInterface` can be really confusing at first. This tutorial aims to make clear these key concepts.

Author: ```suggestion
The :planning_scene_monitor:`PlanningSceneMonitor` is the recommended interface for maintaining an up to date planning scene. The relationship between :moveit_core:`RobotState`, :planning_scene_monitor:`CurrentStateMonitor`, :planning_scene:`PlanningScene`, :planning_scene_monitor:`PlanningSceneMonitor`, and :planning_interface:`PlanningSceneInterface` can be really confusing at first. This tutorial aims to make clear these key concepts.
```

RobotState
----------
The :moveit_core:`RobotState` is a snapshot of a robot. It contains information about the geometry of the robot as well as a set of joint values.

CurrentStateMonitor
-------------------

> The :planning_scene_monitor:`CurrentStateMonitor` can be thought of as a ROS wrapper for the RobotState. It subscribes to a provided topic for :sensor_msgs:`JointState` messages that provide up to date sensor values for single degere of freedom actuatuators such as revolute or prismatic joints and updates it's internal RobotState with those joint values. In addition to the single degree of freedom joints, a robot can have joints with multiple degrees of freedom such as floating and planar joints. To maintian up to date transform information for links and other frames attached with multiple degree of freedom joints, the CSM maintains a TF2 :tf2:`Buffer` that uses a TF2 :tf2:`TransformListener` to set their transforms in it's internal data.

Reviewer: degere -> degree, it's->its (2x), maintian-> maintain, up to date -> up-to-date

> The :planning_scene_monitor:`CurrentStateMonitor` can be thought of as a ROS wrapper for the RobotState. It subscribes to a provided topic for :sensor_msgs:`JointState` messages that provide up to date sensor values for single degere of freedom actuatuators such as revolute or prismatic joints and updates it's internal RobotState with those joint values. In addition to the single degree of freedom joints, a robot can have joints with multiple degrees of freedom such as floating and planar joints. To maintian up to date transform information for links and other frames attached with multiple degree of freedom joints, the CSM maintains a TF2 :tf2:`Buffer` that uses a TF2 :tf2:`TransformListener` to set their transforms in it's internal data.

Author: ```suggestion
The :planning_scene_monitor:`CurrentStateMonitor` can be thought of as a ROS wrapper for the RobotState. It subscribes to a provided topic for :sensor_msgs:`JointState` messages that provide up to date sensor values for single degree of freedom actuators such as revolute or prismatic joints and updates it's internal RobotState with those joint values. In addition to the single degree of freedom joints, a robot can have joints with multiple degrees of freedom such as floating and planar joints. To maintain up to date transform information for links and other frames attached with multiple degree of freedom joints, the CSM maintains a TF2 :tf2:`Buffer` that uses a TF2 :tf2:`TransformListener` to set their transforms in it's internal data.
```

 * ``attached_collision_object_subscriber_`` - Listens on a provided topic for :moveit_msgs:`AttachedCollisionObject` messages that determine the attaching / detaching of objects to links in the robot state.

The PlanningSceneMonitor has the following services:

 * ``get_scene_service_`` - Which is an optional service to get the full planning scene state.

The PlanningSceneMonitor is initialized with:

 * ``startSceneMonitor`` - Which starts the ``planning_scene_subscriber_``
 * ``startWorldGeometryMonitor`` - Which starts the ``collision_object_subscriber_``, the ``planning_scene_world_subscriber_``, and the OccupancyMapMonitor.
 * ``startStateMonitor`` - Which starts the CurrentStateMonitor and the ``attached_collision_object_subscriber_``.
 * ``startPublishingPlanningScene`` - Which starts another thread for publishing the entire planning scene on a provided topic for other PlanningSceneMonitor's to subscribe to
 * ``providePlanningSceneService`` - Which starts the ``get_scene_service_``.

PlanningSceneInterface
----------------------

> The The :planning_interface:`PlanningSceneInterface` is used for publishing updates to a MoveGroup's :planning_scene_monitor:`PlanningSceneMonitor`. It may not work without MoveGroup or MoveItCpp

Reviewer: The The -> The

Reviewer: I find the relationship between PlanningSceneMonitor and PlanningSceneInterface still a little unclear. Don't subscribers and services also provide an interface to PlanningSceneMonitor? If so, how is PlanningSceneInterface different?

> The The :planning_interface:`PlanningSceneInterface` is used for publishing updates to a MoveGroup's :planning_scene_monitor:`PlanningSceneMonitor`. It may not work without MoveGroup or MoveItCpp

Author: ```suggestion
The :planning_interface:`PlanningSceneInterface` is a useful class for publishing updates to a MoveGroup's :planning_scene_monitor:`PlanningSceneMonitor` through a C++ API without creating your own subscribers and service clients. It may not work without MoveGroup or MoveItCpp
```
